Oh, hi. My name is Sara. I've been working in the Downtown Eastside, specifically
in this organization for 18 years. My role is, I'm right now I'm
running the drop in space, which is a managed drop in. So the
people who use our space are women who live and work in the
Downtown Eastside. Among them we have lots of women who suffer mental illness,
addiction, poverty, and homelessness, and abuse, for sure. We are a basic
service providers. We provide as resources and also we do referrals.
We have free showers, free bathrooms, phones, clothing.
We provide lunches every day, breakfast and snacks,
coffee. And also we have a housing program, a victim service program,
a Chinese outreach program, to name a few.
I'll be right there because I need to see Sandy first,
too. Okay. And I bet I need help. She's not gonna be in. Yes. I
think when women try to find help, they are a little bit resistant to
look for help because once they... Even for help anywhere,
like say for healthcare, if they go to a store, they are followed. As
soon as they show that they have mental health or addictions, they are treated
differently than the rest of the population. They cannot go not too many
places where they feel safe and accepted.